tell me once again why i got on this
roof
i chalked that up to bad life choices
in the toughest city in the world nobody
fights crime
like these guys
uh somebody call 911
and then there's the other guys
stop humming that song
we know we know all the gunfights all
the car chases all the
sex we don't want to have with women but
we have to all due
to what you guys do and we do it again
and again hey
if i want to hear you talk i will shove
my arm and work your mouth like a puppet
peace out real real characters you
stopping me
what
i think you're a fake cop i hear a guy
who's probably a little insecure
all units we've got a possible jumper we
all know you're in a very dark place
right now
i'm gonna do it you're feeling as if
sweet death is your only release
oh we got a second jumper oh look he's
flying
hi who are you i'm his wife this is ball
and chain
come on seriously who is that i am a
real cop i'm working on a huge case
you're coming with me
it's a wooden gun oh
listen up we need your cooperation
[Music]
we are doing a lot of property damage oh
cool a helicopter
where'd you learn to drive like that
grand theft auto
i want to do good got back up like i'm
strong and then you come in
got it i want to know everything now
okay i'll talk to you you're reasonable
i thought you said bad cop bad cop i am
a peacock
you gotta let me fly pick another bird
peacocks they don't fly terry they don't
do they just let them have it captain
the other guys
i only walk away at movies without
flinching when it explodes behind them
there's no way
the movie industry is completely
irresponsible for the way they portray
[Music]
explosions